README.md, before:

# libdwata
graph + ai in your products; reduce costs and get correct answers from your data

## What is libdwata?
Create a knowledge graph from your data and use large language models to extract entities and relationships.
The extracted entities and relationships are then inserted into the graph, enriching the data already in there.
This allows for a very well connected view of your data, which dramatically improves the correctness of answers.

## How does it work?
libdwata is a library that you can use in your products, share data to it and tweak the graph using the API.
libdwata takes care of:
- Data storage with RocksDB at your given storage path
- Data ingestion from your API, files, databases, etc.
- Graph creation and manipulation
- Integration with Large Language Models (your API keys)
- Entity and relationship extraction

## License
libdwata is license under Business Source License 1.1 (BSL-1.1). See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
Every release of libdwata converts to Apache License 2.0 after two years.

## Can I use libdwata to power my product?
Yes! you can use libdwata to power your SaaS or desktop applications.
There is no restriction except unless you are compete with our paid service.
Please see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Updated name to Pixlie AI

README.md, after:

# Pixlie AI
graph + ai in your products; reduce costs and get correct answers from your data

## What is Pixlie AI?
Create a knowledge graph from your data and use large language models to extract entities and relationships.
The extracted entities and relationships are then inserted into the graph, enriching the data already in there.
This allows for a very well connected view of your data, which dramatically improves the correctness of answers.

## How does it work?
Pixlie AI is a library that you can use in your products, share data to it and tweak the graph using the API.
Pixlie AI takes care of:
- Data storage with RocksDB at your given storage path
- Data ingestion from your API, files, databases, etc.
- Graph creation and manipulation
- Integration with Large Language Models (your API keys)
- Entity and relationship extraction

## License
Pixlie AI is license under Business Source License 1.1 (BSL-1.1). See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
Every release of Pixlie AI converts to Apache License 2.0 after two years.

## Can I use Pixlie AI to power my product?
Yes! you can use Pixlie AI to power your SaaS or desktop applications.
There is no restriction except unless you are compete with our paid service.
Please see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
